W-23797545-align-CLI-doc-with-NPM (#339)
mulesoft/docs-anypoint-cli: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/agent-fabric.adoc

> anypoint-cli-agent-fabric-plugin agent-network setup gateways [flags]
----

Sets up the agent network environment with the required gateways in the specified target space (private space, RTF, or shared space).

> This step is required only if the target space does not already have gateways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step is required only if the target space doesn't already have gateways.
```

In the typical (happy path) workflow, you run it once per target space before the first deployment.

In addition to the xref:anypoint-cli::index.adoc#default-options[default flags], this command accepts these flags:

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
|Flag | Description | Example
|`-e, --egress-gw <value>` | Name of the egress gateway (separate-gateway mode; requires `--ingress-gw`) | `--egress-gw my-egress`
|`-g, --gateway <value>` | Name of the gateway for single-gateway mode (recommended). Mutually exclusive with `--ingress-gw` and `--egress-gw`. | `--gateway my-gateway`
|`-i, --ingress-gw <value>` | Name of the ingress gateway (separate-gateway mode) | `--ingress-gw my-ingress`

> |`-t, --target-space <value>` | Name of the target space (private space, RTF, or shared space) where to set up the agent network environment +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`-t, --target-space <value>` | Name of the target space (private space, RTF, or shared space) where you set up the agent network environment +
```
